Add uninstall instructions to RUM auto instrumentation server-side (#28703)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server/windows_iis.md

[2]: /agent/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/list/create/
[4]: /real_user_monitoring/guide/best-practices-for-rum-sampling/

## Uninstall

> Completely uninstall RUM Auto-Instrumentation by uninstalling Datadog RUM from Windows' Apps & features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To completely remove RUM Auto-Instrumentation, uninstall Datadog RUM using Windows' Apps & Features tool.
```

Is it actually called "Datadog RUM" in the Windows Apps & Features tool?

> To completely remove RUM Auto-Instrumentation, uninstall Datadog RUM using Windows' Apps & Features tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To completely remove RUM Auto-Instrumentation, uninstall Datadog RUM using the Windows Apps & Features tool.
```
